



create an experimental artistic program "draw_to_printer" 

1. The program creates empty pdf-files to draw into. The lines in the pdf must be vector based. 

2. While holding the primary mouse or trackpad button the program captures its motion and draws a line into the provide empty pdf-file. 

3. After releasing the primary mouse or trackpad button the pdf file must be send to the printer (without any dialogue) and saved to the archive folder, use timestamp as filename.

4. count klicks on secondary mouse button to set up the number of drawn lines before printing/saving.

5. The program has a configuration mode to setup following specific information pressing "option + c "

The configuration contains and should be structured in following sections


1. "PDF Setup" (here I want to be able to configure the size of the pdf, including standard DIN Formates or specific measurements in cm/inch and resolution in dpi)


2. "Fitting options" (rotate and fit pdf format to trackpad / graphic pad or fit the drawn line to the center of the pdf format, make a visual interface to do so)
3. "Line configuration" Thickness of the line in pt, an "after fitting" of "before fitting"
4. "vector look" a slider to adjust the vector-line-look from precise to smooth(rounded)
5. "Number of lines" default number of captured lines before send to printer - number-box (1-100) if not defined by klicks on the secondary mouse button
6. "Arvhive Folder"  name and destination (standard system dialogue)
7. "Mouse Setup" (here I like to select the input device for the "drawing" such as usb Mouse, Graphic pad, Internal computer Trackpad)
8. "Printing Setup" (standard system dialogue)




concerning fitting options: add the option scale to 



pyten dependency management with uv


The program captures the raw data of the mouse that aren't limited to the boundaries of the screen while pressing primary button. After N lines the drawing gets scaled to the set up format. Visualization on the screen is secondary.	


Build a ansible 
